# OMMA-Batch-Patient-Verification

## Install and setup

This project requires node.js you will need to figure that part out on your own. Here is a link to help [https://nodejs.org/en/download](https://nodejs.org/en/download)

Navigate to the project in a terminal and install the modules  
`npm install`  

Start the application  
`node index.js`  

Go to your internet browser and connect to the application
[http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)

## Use

* The form accepts a csv where one column is the patient ID like "AP-FAAA-............." The file needs to be clean and the first row needs to be the column headers.  
* Click upload and the page will present a list of column headers.  
* Click on the header that represents the column with the patient IDs and wait for the progress to complete. Each entry is checked against the OMMA website, and if there is an issue, it automatically checks for the renewed license. For example, a license starting with "AP-FAAA-..." will automatically be retried as "AP-FAAB-..." because that is a common error.  
* After processing is complete, it will trigger a download of the new csv with the verification information added as additional columns.  

## Issues

I used this to experiment with chat gpt-4 so nearly all the code was generated by AI. While it did a good job, the error handling isn't great.  
* If the progress indicator shows all rows as processed, but there is no download, check the uploads folder in the project it's probably in there.  
* Don't refresh the page once it starts.  
* Limit the length of files to 500 entries and trim excessive columns if possible.  

## Contributing  

Any contribution that improves the project would be massively appreciated. 
